update readme (#224)
webb-tools/tangle: README.md

![Webb Logo](./assets/webb_banner_dark.png#gh-dark-mode-only)
  </a>
  </div>
<h1 align="left"> The Tangle Network </h1>
<p align="left">

>     <strong>An MPC based bridging system for privacy-preserving applications. </strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <strong>An MPC based bridging system for cross-chain zero-knowledge applications. </strong>
```

source ~/.cargo/env
```

Configure the Rust toolchain to default to the latest stable version, add nightly and the nightly wasm target:

```bash
rustup default nightly
rustup update
rustup update nightly
rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown --toolchain nightly
```

Great! Now your Rust environment is ready! 🚀🚀
Great! Now your Rust environment is ready!

**Note:** You may need additional dependencies, checkout [substrate.io](https://docs.substrate.io/v3/getting-started/installation) for more information.

## Installation 💻

Once the development environment is set up, build the DKG. This command will build the [Wasm Runtime](https://docs.substrate.io/v3/advanced/executor/#wasm-execution) and [native](https://docs.substrate.io/v3/advanced/executor/#native-execution) code:

```bash
cargo build --release
```

> NOTE: You _must_ use the release builds! The optimizations here are required
> as in debug mode, it is expected that nodes are not able to run fast enough to produce blocks.

You will now have two runtimes built in `target/release/` dir:

1. `tangle-parachain`: Parachain node.
2. `tangle-standalone`: Standalone node, used in the current standalone Tangle network.

> ## Installation Using Nix 💻

Reviewer: We can leave the Nix stuff @salman01zp ?
